(1) As a user i would like to create an account
(2) As a user i would like to set my username, password, email address, gg account number, facebook identifier.
(3) As a user i would like to set avatar for my account.
(1) As a user i would like to remove my account.
(1) As a user i would like to log in using my temporary password generated by service.
(2) As a user i would like to edit my personal details.
(3) As a user i would like to have a possibility to change a password.
(3) As a user i would like to have a possibility to change a username.
(1) As a user i would like to set email adress, gg account number, facebook identifier.
(2) As a user i would like to remind/reset passwrod.
(3) As a user i would like to i would like to change page template.
(1) As a user i would like to view my calendar.
(1) As a user i would like to view my calendar by month.
(3) As a user i would like to view my calendar by year.
(2) As a user i would like to view my calendar by week.
(1) As a user i would like to add new event to my calendar.
(1) As a user i would like to set event date.
(1) As a user i would like to set event time.
(1) As a user i would like to set event reoccurance settings.
(3) As a user i would like to set possibility do add another recipient to reminder for particular event.
(1) As a user i would like to choose where to send remind.
(1) As a user i would like to set reminder delay before event.
(3) As a user i would like to set if we want event full description or only short.
(1) As a user i would like to choose on which comunication service i'd like to have a remind.
(2) As a user i would like to edit event properties.
(1) As a user i would like to remove event.
(1) As a user i would like to change event date.
(1) As a user i would like to change event time.
(1) As a user i would like to change event reoccurance settings.
(3) As a user i would like to change possibility do add another recipient to reminder for particular event.
(1) As a user i would like to change where to send remind.
(1) As a user i would like to change reminder delay before event.
(3) As a user i would like to change if we want event full description or only short.
(2) As a user i would like to change on which comunication service i'd like to have a remind.
(2) As a user i would like to display details of each day.
(3) As a user i would like to share my calendar to other users.
(1) As a user i would like to search events by date, name, descritpion.
(3) As a user i would like to sort search events result by date, name, descritpion.
(1) As a user i would like to to add event on facebook.
(1) As a user i would like to to publish event on my facebook wall.
(2) As a user i would like to display events from whole week.
(3) As a user i would like to set my events priority (low/medium/high)
(3) As a user i would like to see events based on prority level(from all calendar).
(1) As a user i would like to get email with my initial password.


